.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

## Description
<!-- Provide a general description of what your pull request does.
Complete the following sentence and add relevant details as you see fit.
In addition please ensure that the pull request title is descriptive
and allows maintainers to infer the applicable subpackage(s). -->

This pull request is to address ...

<!-- If the pull request closes any open issues you can add this.
If you replace <Issue Number> with a number, GitHub will automatically link it.
If this pull request is unrelated to any issues, please remove
the following line. -->

Fixes #<Issue Number>


## PR Checklist

- [ ] Check out the [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/astropy/astropy/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) and [code of conduct](https://github.com/astropy/astropy/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
- [ ] Check out the [contributing workflow](http://docs.astropy.org/en/latest/development/workflow/development_workflow.html) ( for a practical example [click here](https://docs.astropy.org/en/latest/development/workflow/git_edit_workflow_examples.html#astropy-fix-example) )

- [ ] Give a detailed description of the PR here.
- [ ] Document changes in the CHANGES.rst file.
- [ ] Make sure the docs are up to date.
- [ ] Add yourself to credits.rst file.
- [ ] Ensure linear history by rebasing.

Commit message:

reapply template (#21)
* reapply template
* changes
* ignore conf
* add galpy
* code_quality
* main doc
* fix doc links
* clean out notebooks
* update PR template

Signed-off-by: nstarman <nstarman@users.noreply.github.com>

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

## Description
<!-- Provide a general description of what your pull request does.
Complete the following sentence and add relevant details as you see fit.
In addition please ensure that the pull request title is descriptive
and allows maintainers to infer the applicable subpackage(s). -->

This pull request is to address ...

<!-- If the pull request closes any open issues you can add this.
If you replace <Issue Number> with a number, GitHub will automatically link it.
If this pull request is unrelated to any issues, please remove
the following line. -->

Fixes #<Issue Number>


## PR Checklist

- [ ] Check out the [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/astropy/astropy/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) and [code of conduct](https://github.com/astropy/astropy/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
- [ ] Check out the [contributing workflow](http://docs.astropy.org/en/latest/development/workflow/development_workflow.html) ( for a practical example [click here](https://docs.astropy.org/en/latest/development/workflow/git_edit_workflow_examples.html#astropy-fix-example) )
- [ ] Give a detailed description of the PR above.
- [ ] Document changes in the `TEMPLATE_CHANGES.md` file. See existing changelog for examples.
- [ ] Add tests, if applicable, to ensure code coverage never decreases.
- [ ] Make sure the docs are up to date, if applicable, particularly the docstrings and RST files in `docs` folder.
- [ ] Ensure linear history by rebasing, when requested by the maintainer.
