README.rst, before:

streamtrack
==============

.. container::

   |astropy| |Build Status| |License| |Code style: black|


Documentation
-------------

|Documentation Status| 

The documentation for ``streamtrack`` is hosted on `Read the docs <https://readthedocs.org/projects/streamtrack/badge/?version=latest>`_.


Installation and Dependencies
-----------------------------

|PyPI|


The easiest way to get streamtrack is to install with pip. To install with pip::

    pip install streamtrack

See the `installation instructions <https://readthedocs.org/projects/streamtrack/>`_ in the `documentation <https://readthedocs.org/projects/streamtrack/>`_ for more information.


***********
Attribution
***********

|DOI| |License|

Copyright 2020 - Nathaniel Starkman.

``streamtrack`` is free software made available under the BSD-3 License. For details see the `LICENSE <https://github.com/nstarman/streamtrack/blob/master/LICENSE>`_ file.

If you make use of this code, consider citing the Zenodo DOI as a software citation

::

   @software{zenodo,
     author       = Nathaniel Starkman,
     title        = streamtrack v1.0,
     month        = month,
     year         = year,
     publisher    = {Zenodo},
     doi          = {},
     url          = {}
   }


License
-------

|License|

Copyright 2018- Nathaniel Starkman and contributors.

``streamtrack`` is free software made available under the BSD-3 License. For details see the `LICENSE <https://github.com/nstarman/streamtrack/blob/master/LICENSE>`_ file.



.. |astropy| image:: http://img.shields.io/badge/powered%20by-AstroPy-orange.svg?style=flat
   :target: http://www.astropy.org/
.. |Build Status| image:: https://travis-ci.org/nstarman/streamtrack.svg?branch=master
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/nstarman/streamtrack
.. |Code style: black| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg
   :target: https://github.com/psf/black
.. |Documentation Status| image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/streamtrack/badge/?version=latest
   :target: https://streamtrack.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
.. |DOI| replace:: GET FROM ZENODO
.. |License| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-BSD%203--Clause-blue.svg
   :target: https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause
.. |PyPI| image:: https://badge.fury.io/py/streamtrack.svg
   :target: https://badge.fury.io/py/streamtrack

Commit message:

rename streamtrack to trackstream
Signed-off-by: Nathaniel Starkman <nstarkman@protonmail.com>

README.rst, after:

trackstream
==============

.. container::

   |astropy| |Build Status| |License| |Code style: black|


Documentation
-------------

|Documentation Status| 

The documentation for ``trackstream`` is hosted on `Read the docs <https://readthedocs.org/projects/trackstream/badge/?version=latest>`_.


Installation and Dependencies
-----------------------------

|PyPI|


The easiest way to get trackstream is to install with pip. To install with pip::

    pip install trackstream

See the `installation instructions <https://readthedocs.org/projects/trackstream/>`_ in the `documentation <https://readthedocs.org/projects/trackstream/>`_ for more information.


***********
Attribution
***********

|DOI| |License|

Copyright 2020 - Nathaniel Starkman.

``trackstream`` is free software made available under the BSD-3 License. For details see the `LICENSE <https://github.com/nstarman/trackstream/blob/master/LICENSE>`_ file.

If you make use of this code, consider citing the Zenodo DOI as a software citation

::

   @software{zenodo,
     author       = Nathaniel Starkman,
     title        = trackstream v1.0,
     month        = month,
     year         = year,
     publisher    = {Zenodo},
     doi          = {},
     url          = {}
   }


License
-------

|License|

Copyright 2018- Nathaniel Starkman and contributors.

``trackstream`` is free software made available under the BSD-3 License. For details see the `LICENSE <https://github.com/nstarman/trackstream/blob/master/LICENSE>`_ file.



.. |astropy| image:: http://img.shields.io/badge/powered%20by-AstroPy-orange.svg?style=flat
   :target: http://www.astropy.org/
.. |Build Status| image:: https://travis-ci.org/nstarman/trackstream.svg?branch=master
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/nstarman/trackstream
.. |Code style: black| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg
   :target: https://github.com/psf/black
.. |Documentation Status| image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/trackstream/badge/?version=latest
   :target: https://trackstream.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
.. |DOI| replace:: GET FROM ZENODO
.. |License| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-BSD%203--Clause-blue.svg
   :target: https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause
.. |PyPI| image:: https://badge.fury.io/py/trackstream.svg
   :target: https://badge.fury.io/py/trackstream
