docs/index.rst, before:

##############################
`streamtrack` Documentation
##############################

This is the documentation for streamtrack.

The package is being actively developed in a `public repository on GitHub <https://github.com/nstarman/streamtrack>`_ so if you have any trouble, `open an issue <https://github.com/nstarman/streamtrack/issues>`_ there.

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/nstarman/streamtrack.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/nstarman/streamtrack


*************
Documentation
*************

.. toctree::
  :maxdepth: 1

  streamtrack/index.rst
  documentation/testing.rst


***********
Subpackages
***********

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   streamtrack/data/index


*****************
How to contribute
*****************

We welcome contributions from anyone via pull requests on `GitHub
<https://github.com/nstarman/streamtrack>`_. If you don't feel comfortable modifying or
adding functionality, we also welcome feature requests and bug reports as
`GitHub issues <https://github.com/nstarman/streamtrack/issues>`_.


***********
Attribution
***********

|DOI|

If you make use of this code, please consider citing the Zenodo DOI as a software citation

::

   @software{zenodo,
     author       = Nathaniel Starkman,
     title        = streamtrack v1.0,
     month        = month,
     year         = year,
     publisher    = {Zenodo},
     doi          = {},
     url          = {}
   }

.. |DOI| replace:: GET FROM ZENODO


***************
Project details
***************

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   credits
   whatsnew/index.rst

Commit message:

rename streamtrack to trackstream
Signed-off-by: Nathaniel Starkman <nstarkman@protonmail.com>

docs/index.rst, after:

###########################
`trackstream` Documentation
###########################

This is the documentation for `trackstream`.

The package is being actively developed in a `public repository on GitHub <https://github.com/nstarman/trackstream>`_ so if you have any trouble, `open an issue <https://github.com/nstarman/trackstream/issues>`_ there.

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/nstarman/trackstream.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/nstarman/trackstream


*************
Documentation
*************

.. toctree::
  :maxdepth: 1

  trackstream/index.rst
  documentation/testing.rst


***********
Subpackages
***********

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   trackstream/data/index


*****************
How to contribute
*****************

We welcome contributions from anyone via pull requests on `GitHub
<https://github.com/nstarman/trackstream>`_. If you don't feel comfortable modifying or
adding functionality, we also welcome feature requests and bug reports as
`GitHub issues <https://github.com/nstarman/trackstream/issues>`_.


***********
Attribution
***********

|DOI|

If you make use of this code, please consider citing the Zenodo DOI as a software citation

::

   @software{zenodo,
     author       = Nathaniel Starkman,
     title        = trackstream v1.0,
     month        = month,
     year         = year,
     publisher    = {Zenodo},
     doi          = {},
     url          = {}
   }

.. |DOI| replace:: GET FROM ZENODO


***************
Project details
***************

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   credits
   whatsnew/index.rst
